all right this is the second Boston the
instance drops a vanity pet biscuit as
it drops a little mini version of him
now I said before I am I am
two-handed Frost but for this I would
suggest if you are a class that actually
has anything frost ability or can do any
frost damage and now would be a good
time to use that item there are Frost's
in chances you can get for your weapons
there's also a weapon in the storm Peaks
that has a chance that will do frost
damage once it's polearm
but what you do for this boss is you
need to freeze him and then once you
freeze him to freeze them you have to do
frost damage done once he's frozen then
you can actually you have to do about 25
hits and about a minute and some change
to get him to to crack and to explode
he'll go into little versions of hair a
little versions of ooze and then you
kill those losses the more you kill the
look lower his health gets when he gets
really low and you end up dying as well
see what I'm going to do for this boss
I'm actually going to equip my one
handers because one of them has ruin of
razor ice which will do that frost
damage on him
you could always if you earn classes
together you can always if you're not UK
you can buy that too in the recommend or
you can you can also enchant your weapon
for any end weapon with a enchant those
frost damage you can talk to find a
enchanter that has it
so now I've got my weapons equipped and
as you can see it's got ruined Fraser
ice on him and we're going to go ahead
and start attacking them
this really is boss all you have to do
is attack him and as long as you're
hitting him with anything that those
frost damage he will crack as you'll see
you'll start seeing the messages come up
and eventually he'll freeze and that
point you pretty much just have to do as
much dps as possible it's not a long way
he doesn't do a lot of damage like most
bosses in here to you know a class like
a death Knights when he to break him you
have to do physical damage so that's
where classes that are cast the casters
have a disadvantage because they really
need to take melee and so you really
need to be able to do physical damage in
the zone and you can always bring in
someone else so that can do that
physical damage if you don't want if you
aren't able to do that melee damage but
we'll see how easy it is for me to do it
as a death knight
as you can see he's beginning to freeze
up and now he's frozen solid and now is
where I pretty much add the DPS and
hopefully crack them soon and it looks
like he's ready to shatter so he should
be breaking soon
and this is what happens when he breaks
he will go flying in two different ads
which need to be killed as you can see
the more damn war get to him the more
they do that the more healthy its back
and there he goes blowing up
and he has to be killed when he's frozen
so he should die now well that's
embarrassing parent head into quite
enough melee hits to get him
see this time we can't get him
and there he goes and unfortunately er
look not holding for this one though
well vanity pet firm him